[Doc Improvement] add note to validDomains manifest reference (#9894)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md

A list of valid domains from which the app expects to load any content. Domain listings can include wildcards, for example `*.example.com`. The valid domain matches exactly one segment of the domain; if you need to match `a.b.example.com` then use `*.*.example.com`. If your tab configuration or content UI needs to go to any other domain besides the one use for tab configuration, that domain must be specified here.

> [!NOTE]

> > Office Add-ins, configured with an `extensions` property in the manifest, disregard domains containing a wildcard. If your app incorporates an Office Add-in, ensure to specify the full domain name for the domains that the add-in will access.

Author: ```suggestion
> Office Add-ins, configured with an `extensions` property in the manifest, disregard domains containing a wildcard. If your app incorporates an Office Add-in, specify the full domain name for the domains that the add-in will access.
```

> > Domains that contain a wildcard are ignored by Office Add-ins (configured with an `extensions` property in the manifest). If your app includes and Office Add-in, you must spell out the complete domain name for domains that the add-in is going to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Office Add-ins, configured with an `extensions` property in the manifest, disregard domains containing a wildcard. If your app incorporates an Office Add-in, ensure to specify the full domain name for the domains that the add-in will access.
```
